Add CLI (#3)
TotkMods/Totk.ZStdTool: ReadMe.md

- Browse for a `.zs` file in your Totk game dump
- Click `Decompress` and save the raw file to your computer

## Usage (CLI)

> - For CLI works, you must setup the game path before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To use the CLI tools you must first setup the game paths in the user-interface.
```

- Decompress `Totk.ZStdTool.exe -x Something.zs`
  - The output will be in the same folder but without `.zs` extension
- Compress `Totk.ZStdTool.exe -c Something.bin`

>   - The output will be in the same folder but with `.zs.new` extension

Reviewer: - An output flag (`-o/--output`) should be provided for both of these commands
- Only `.zs` should be appended to the file name, adding `.new` is confusing and unnecessary

Author: .zs.new was intended to prevent accidental overwrite, but with -o should not be a problem
